The Road Between PowerShell And C#
---
The journey of powershell has been nice journey that never ends with new and interesting ways to complete tasks. Having pretty much marked the MS-Cluster module as feature complete now that I have the tools that I needed built on top of the RSAT failover cluster module. Did you know Microsofts module for Microsoft Failovers doesn't natively have a cmdlet to go get the system resources like free system memory at least not burried weirdly, you can get that information from the failover cluster manager MMC console, but that won't help you when powershell is making your Hyper-V Vms.
***
That module was 100% writen in powershell but how does that relate to C#? I moved onto other projects in powershell one of those being MicahShell. That project is just a random dumb thing to push my knowledge to the test and learn as much as I can. I ran into a road block during its intial creation, after the very rough implemetation of TLS. Trying to write two simulatanious script files and making sure they lined up correctly with the TCP socket was getting difficult even after only 30 lines. This coupled with the limitations of powershell in some areas led me to learn C# and make powershell and the computer do whatever I wanted as long as I could think on how I get there.
***
As im getting the ropes of C# this has lead me to making the funnily named HoseNose creatures. They are my digging into C# so far they have been insurmountable in the learning process. The main HoseNose is my way around the Service Control Managers lack of the ability to change where applications start location is besides `C:\windows\System32` and the task schedualers weirdness sometimes with paramters. The other main HoseNose is the interorgator, I know its spelt wrong but I find it humorous so it has stayed. This Interrogator watches the provided application and writes to the event log if any of those processes dies and what their CMDLINE args were. This has become helpful on my servers where powershell is running and PDQ deploy is attempting to update powershell 7, this tends to make the powershell crash. 
***
Getting armed with C# opens the door to leveraging the powershell engine is vastly more ways. Being Faced with a problem you must solve has been the best way to learn all of this for me, I wouldn't have my many jank powershell scripts without it.